Desolation Instructions

To play the game, the following keys are used:

	ACCEPT		z
	CANCEL		x
	MENU		c
	CHANGE1		a
	CHANGE2		s
	Directional keys
	
When playing the game, use the directional keys to navigate
through the map or through a menu (key repeat is off).

To move through dialogue, press the ACCEPT button.
To select an option in a menu (identified by a highlighted
box with text), also press the ACCEPT button.

When in a submenu, you can press CANCEL to move back to the
previous screen.

When viewing the Status or Equipment menus, the CHANGE buttons
can be used to select the character to view.

The game starts out on the map. You can talk to the NPCs lying
around or open the menu with the MENU button. The Status and
Equipment screens enable you to view the statistics and
change the equipment of the two characters, Elma and Ardy.

You can navigate to the top right corner of the starting
area to move into a new location. In this area, random battles
may occur at a rate of ~3% every time a step is taken.

During battle, ATB bars in the bottom right indicate whether
a character is ready to act. A red bar (and an asterisk by
the character name) indicates that the character is currently
acting (a list of available commands will appear). A yellow
bar indicates a character who is ready, but is waiting for
another character to finish acting. To the right of these
bars in the HP of the characters.

Upon selecting a command, a new dialog will appear to choose
a target for the command (one of the enemies). Once a target
is chosen, damage will be dealt to the enemy (displayed in
the console). Any character (both player and enemy) whose
HP is reduced to 0 will be unable to battle and will not
take actions or be valid targets for attacks.

When the HP of all enemies is reduced to 0, the battle is
finished and the player is victorious, returning to the map.
When the HP of all player characters is reduced to 0, the
player is defeated.

There are additional commands for debugging purposes:

	y		Forcefully initiates a battle
	e		Forcefully quits a battle (no victory)